CHAPTER 10

The conceptual security architecture is about our enterprise security architecture, big scene, helicopter view, 
strategic plan is added to describe the enterprise .
Related components of mentioned business could be considered to be an asset that needed to be protected from the potential 
risks is formed into a standard, the SABSA Business Attributes Profile.

Those assets are used to make into a risk management method that presents a prioritized view of the enterprise risks. 
The risk assessment is used to develop a series of control objectuves that conceptualized the needs of that enterprise.
Layering techniques are used for developing enterprise security architecture. Based on the strategy of multi-layered security 
services, the effectiveness of enterprise is proved to be secured.
Infrastructure architecture is set to be a series of layers.
Layers are integrated with security components to form a suitable combination of services.
Some major strategies for the enterprise are mentioned such as authentication, authorization and audit. 
Those strategies are built around role-based access control, secure service management, system assurance, 
directory services strategy and public key infrastructure strategy.
Related components such as people or organization are classified as security entities in conceptual security architecture. 
Their tasks are classified as entity relationships.
Many level of trust to describe the relationship of mentioned entities, depending on which the parties know one another.
Trust can be one or two-way, from two entities. A third entity can interrupt, sometimes.
Trust brokers are applied by third parties, which essential to some business model.
Trust relationships could be broken down to components parts, to be one-way trust relationships. 
This method will form all trust relationships to be detailed.

Security domain, used to build domain models of real business, this will help to understand the co-exist of different 
security policies, managed by different policy authorities and how they works.

It also helps to understand how networks applications could be implicated and their different security policies to get the 
suitable level of security for the enterprise.
The meaning approaches of concept are driven in to provide security in business environments that make use of the Internet, 
protected by the virtual private networks and firewalls. All are developed by domain models.
Lifetimes and deadlines are classified in time dependency, all related security.
State of enterprise security architecture supports the baseline against the planned and performed ‘quick win’ projects.
