CHAPTER 6 : 
Return on Investment
You invest in security, the security is good, the payback (return) is – nothing happens.
Security is not for selling since it isn’t like insurance.
Goal is to achieve the measurement of that return – how safe is that security investment.
Why need metrics 
To know how the process is working on (team progress, what have achieved, where they are now)
SABSA metrics is presented as a solution
Security management dashboard
Control loop model Chapter 5. Dashboard.
Dashboard is used for security management, measuring and reporting back the level of effectiveness. This will help to improve a far more better effectiveness. (figure 6-1 for dashboard)
+ Strategic planning and management. Setting an ultimate goal and a plan to get this goal.
+ Tactical planning and management. Setting an average goal, also plan to get the goal. Achieved these to get further on strategic goal.
+ Operational planning and management. Doing average tasks to keep up the work.
Balanced Scorecard Approach
Traditional financial measurement only works for reporting results but improving the plans lead to good results.
Balanced Scorecard combined both financial and operational measures of performance into a single framework.
Balanced scorecard translates mission and strategy into a perfect measures that would support the framework for a well planned measurement and management system.
Balanced Scorecard is useful in providing methods as : 
-	Clarify organization’s vision.
-	Provide a framework to align the organization. 
-	A structure for multiple initiatives.
-	Strategic management process integrated across the organization.
To create a Strategy-Focused Organization, Balanced Scorecard is the first step.
5 principles: 
-	Translate strategy into operational terms and tasks.
-	Set the team to strategy.
-	Encouraging by planning on their every task.
-	Always renew the strategy even better.
-	Resources used in order to make the changes effectively.
Business Drivers and Traceability 
If a security is hard to breach and measure, the risk is less imminent.
Best way to measure risk is to define the things that business needs in terms of security. (driver)
Multi-layered architecture model Chapter 3 is a bi-directional traceability since it began with context (things needed in term of security) then worked through a series of abstractions to develop the component and operational security.
Business Attributes and Metrics
Seven different attributes will be measured with metric types and suggested with measurement approach.
Setting Up A Metric Framework 
Define the measurement approach and Must be creative in applying the technique. 
Metrics will provide the significant reasons to track the ongoing process of  security management programme. 
Some metrics frameworks table 6-5.
They will be included with Business Attribute, Business Driver, Metric Type, Measurement Approach and Performance Target.
Maturity Models Applied to Security Architecture 
Including a table consists of Maturity Stage, Description of each stage
Stage includes : Initial, Repeatable, Defined, Managed, Optimising.
System Security Engineering Capability Maturity Model 
Project and Organisational, Security Engineering are assessed with Process Area.
Summarise.
Return of value is used to evaluate the business case for a particular investment, mainly in security.
Some measurement techniques are required.
Balanced Scorecard is recommended. It helps getting a direct view to different perspective of the enterprise: Financial, Customer, Internal Process, Innovation and Learning.
A scorecard is made from each of these perspectives, aligning goals of that enterprise and the measurements how those goals are required to meet.
Seven headings in the taxonomy are recommended.

